Your Highness, you are awake
This bowl of noodles
How is he?
Miss Jiang has recovered after treating your injury.
prince
How is the assassin?
The muzzle of our pork is crazy
I can't say a complete sentence.
And levels were found in the bodies of the dead people
Water again
It seems that my royal brother is starting to be anxious and investigate carefully
Find out where they're hiding something
Yes
Miss, you can't come in
Why are you stopping me?
You are new here.
Is father awake?
What's the noise in the early morning?
Your father just woke up and needs admiration
Don't you even have the decency?
Since my father woke up, he must have wanted to see me
Why are you stopping me?
Your father heard that you did not marry the prince
I was so angry that I almost passed out.
You'd better not go in and pick it off.
Forget it.
It wouldn't be good if it really pissed people off
prince